#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
alembic==1.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-migrate
amqp==5.3.1
    # via kombu
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.10.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
azure-ai-documentintelligence==1.0.2
    # via markitdown
azure-core==1.35.0
    # via
    #   azure-ai-documentintelligence
    #   azure-identity
azure-identity==1.24.0
    # via markitdown
bcrypt==4.3.0
    # via flask-bcrypt
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via
    #   markdownify
    #   markitdown
billiard==4.2.1
    # via celery
blinker==1.9.0
    # via
    #   flask
    #   sentry-sdk
cachelib==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
celery==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via
    #   markitdown
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   flask
    #   magika
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1.2
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
cobble==0.1.4
    # via mammoth
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via onnxruntime
cryptography==45.0.6
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   pyjwt
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   markitdown
    #   youtube-transcript-api
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via limits
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via openpyxl
filetype==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-bcrypt
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-limiter
    #   flask-login
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-session
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-wtf
    #   sentry-sdk
flask-bcrypt==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-cors==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-limiter==3.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-login==0.6.3
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-migrate==4.0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-session==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-sqlalchemy==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-migrate
flask-wtf==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flatbuffers==25.2.10
    # via onnxruntime
google-api-core[grpc]==2.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-documentai
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-cloud-tasks
google-auth==2.26.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-documentai
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-aiplatform==1.42.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-bigquery==3.35.1
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-documentai==2.27.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-resource-manager==1.14.2
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-secret-manager==2.19.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-storage==2.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-tasks==2.16.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-crc32c==1.7.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.14.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   google-cloud-tasks
grpcio==1.74.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.63.0rc1
    # via google-api-core
gunicorn==22.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via openai
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
isodate==0.7.2
    # via azure-ai-documentintelligence
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   flask-wtf
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via flask
jiter==0.10.0
    # via openai
jsonschema==4.18.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
kombu==5.5.4
    # via celery
limits==5.5.0
    # via flask-limiter
lxml==6.0.0
    # via
    #   markitdown
    #   python-pptx
magika==0.6.2
    # via markitdown
mako==1.3.10
    # via alembic
mammoth==1.10.0
    # via markitdown
markdown-it-py==4.0.0
    # via rich
markdownify==1.2.0
    # via markitdown
markitdown[all]==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   werkzeug
    #   wtforms
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msal==1.33.0
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.3.1
    # via azure-identity
msgspec==0.19.0
    # via flask-session
numpy==2.3.2
    # via
    #   magika
    #   onnxruntime
    #   pandas
    #   shapely
olefile==0.47
    # via markitdown
onnxruntime==1.22.1
    # via magika
openai==1.40.0
    # via -r requirements.in
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via markitdown
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via flask-limiter
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   gunicorn
    #   kombu
    #   limits
    #   onnxruntime
pandas==2.3.1
    # via markitdown
pdfminer-six==20231228
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markitdown
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   python-pptx
    #   reportlab
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via click-repl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-documentai
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   google-cloud-tasks
protobuf==4.25.8
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-documentai
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   google-cloud-tasks
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   onnxruntime
    #   proto-plus
psycopg[binary]==3.2.9
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg-binary==3.2.9
    # via psycopg
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via openai
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydub==0.25.1
    # via markitdown
pygments==2.19.2
    # via rich
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
pypdf==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   celery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   magika
python-pptx==1.0.2
    # via markitdown
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
redis==5.0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
reportlab==4.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-core
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   markitdown
    #   msal
    #   youtube-transcript-api
rich==13.9.4
    # via flask-limiter
rpds-py==0.27.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
sentry-sdk[flask]==2.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
shapely==2.1.1
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   markdownify
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
speechrecognition==3.14.3
    # via markitdown
sqlalchemy==2.0.43
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
sympy==1.14.0
    # via onnxruntime
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via openai
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   anyio
    #   azure-ai-documentintelligence
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   flask-limiter
    #   limits
    #   openai
    #   psycopg
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   python-pptx
    #   referencing
    #   speechrecognition
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   celery
    #   kombu
    #   pandas
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
werkzeug==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   flask-login
wrapt==1.17.3
    # via deprecated
wtforms==3.2.1
    # via flask-wtf
xlrd==2.0.2
    # via markitdown
xlsxwriter==3.2.5
    # via python-pptx
youtube-transcript-api==1.0.3
    # via markitdown

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
